Link to Google Doc presentation:
https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/19kY6PG2WkAJrx9Ou52JL9N3dQ7mlx1mImd8wJ0fhjOI/edit#slide=id.g3207f3725d3_0_55
(It's better in the presentation)

1st Slide:

I chose this subject of “People Wasting Food,” because we could be more resourceful with our food.
The average american wastes about a third of the food they buy.
I wanted to do this after finding moldy bread in my pantry.

2nd Slide:

I actually found tons of software solutions to this problem.
There are a lot of apps that try to this problem by: Telling you when food you have will expire, what recipes you can cook with the food that you have, helping you shop more effectively to cut down on waste, etc.
America wastes about 20%-40% of the food it produces. 
That costs about 240 billion dollars or about $2000 per household.
The food and money we waste on food waste is more than you think, and those resources could be going to much more beneficial things.

3rd Slide:

These programs can help in tons of places.
You can use these at home to dish up some cool dishes with minimal waste.
Restaurants can use this so they can be more efficient with there stock.
Stores can also use some variation of this to monitor their produce and cut back on food waste.

4th Slide:

I started by thinking about what criteria does this Program need to fulfill?
Then I broke down each thing and thought about how to do that.
I Started Pseudocoding with these two things in mind.
Then I looked over the Program to see if it makes sense.
Example: during Pseudocoding this I had forgotten to add something about what would happen if nothing was going to expire, so I wrote it in what would happen.

5th Slide:

My Program would uses object oriented programming, it creates a class “food”
It then has Functions to do the following: Get input from user and stores it in a spreadsheet
The program repeats that part until “done” is entered
Then the program checks to see what food (if any) is one week away from expiring.

6th Slide:

What role do restaurants and food service providers play in minimizing food waste, and what practices can they implement?
How can technology be leveraged to track and reduce food waste in supply chains and retail environments?
One of the things that surprised me was about how many apps that were already out there. 
I had opened a bread bag recently and it was completely moldy, so that gave me inspiration to do this subject. 
I then started researching and found that people were already trying to prevent food waste. There were dozens of apps out there to help you.


Citations are in presentation.
